Link to workflow patterns in EDA (#4)
Particular/architecture-center: docs/guide/architecture-styles/event-driven-content.md

- Guaranteed delivery. In some systems, especially in IoT scenarios, it's crucial to guarantee that events are delivered.
- Processing events in order or exactly once. Each consumer type typically runs in multiple instances, for resiliency and scalability. This can create a challenge if the events must be processed in order (within a consumer type), or if the processing logic isn't idempotent.

> - Business processes in event-driven architectures consist of many events within the system. [Workflow patterns](https://docs.particular.net/architecture/workflows/) help to reliably coordinate message flows across various services.

Author: ```suggestion
- Multiple events related to a single business process. [Workflow patterns](https://docs.particular.net/architecture/workflows/) can be used to reliably coordinate message flows across various services.
```
